(police radio chatter,
telephone ringing)
BAGGED LUNCH
OR GORY EVIDENCE?
I'M NOT SURE.
EW.
COULD BE BOTH. FOUND IT
IN THE BACKSEAT OF MY CAR,
ARE YOU SURE?
FRANK WANTS TO SEE US.
**
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK,
WE KNEW THIS WAS COMING,
SO LET'S JUST
CUT TO THE CHASE.
OKAY, DIAZ IS GONE,
AND HE WON'T BE COMING BACK,
WHICH MEANS I'M GONNA BE
SHORT AN OFFICER,
SO I'M GONNA ASK YOU ALL
TO MAKE SURE THAT--
WAIT, WAIT. I'M SORRY, SIR.
CHRIS IS GONE?
FRIDAY WAS HIS LAST SHIFI'.
HE'S STARTING
WITH TIMMINS P.D. TODAY.
HE DIDN'T WANNA MAKE
A BIG DEAL OF IT.
YOU KNOW HOW DIAZ IS.
LOOK, THIS JOB--
PEOPLE COME, PEOPLE GO.
SO WE MIGHT AS WELL
GET USED TO IT.
ALL RIGHT?
SO LET'S JUST GET OUT THERE
AND DO WHAT WE'RE HERE
TO DO.
-- Captions by VITA --
**
YOU HAVEN'T HEARD FROM HIM
AT ALL?
HE DIDN'T EVEN CALL
TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
(indistinct conversations)
(telephone ringing)
OKAY, SO PAST COUPLE OF DAYS,
SILENT TREATMENT,
NOT RETURNING MY TEXTS
OR PHONE CALLS,
BUT THEN YOU LEAVE
ORANGE PIE IN MY CAR.
IT FEELS LIKE YOU'RE
TRYING TO TELL ME SOMETHING.
THIS IS
A MAC AND CHEESE PUFF PIE,
AND IT'S A LITTLE PEACE OFFERING
I MADE FOR YOU LAST NIGHT.
I MEAN, DO YOU KNOW
HOW MANY RECIPES YOU CAN MAKE
WITH CHEESE PUFFS?
PLEASE TELL ME IT'S JUST ONE.
(knock on WindOW)
LOOK, DO YOU WANNA TALK
ABOUT SOMETHING?
UH, YES, BUT--
BUT I'M ON DESK TODAY,
SO I PROMISE WE'RE GONNA
TALK ABOUT THIS LATER, SO...
OKAY.
(door buzzes, radio chatter)
OKAY, WHAT'S THE PROBLEM,
SIR?
I NEED TO TALK TO SOMEONE
ABOUT MY DAUGHTER GRACIE--
GRACE ALISON FINN.
SHE DIDN'T COME HOME
LAST NIGHT.
LOOK, I KNOW YOU HAVE RULES
ABOUT THESE THINGS.
BUT, PLEASE, I'M BEGGING YOU.
SOMETHING IS DEFINITELY WRONG.
OKAY, MY NAME IS OFFICER PECK,
AND I PROMISE
I'M GONNA HELP YOU
ANY WAY I CAN.
SO LET'S JUST TAKE THIS
ONE STEP AT A TIME.
HOW OLD IS GRACE?
UH, SHE JUST TURNED 23
A COUPLE OF MONTHS AGO.
OKAY, AND HOW LONG
HAS SHE BEEN GONE?
ALMOST NINE HOURS.
I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT HASN'T BEEN LONG ENOUGH.
THEN I'LL--I'LL JUST KEEP
WAITING TILL IT IS.
GOOD MORNING.
WHEN WERE YOU GONNA TELL ME
YOU CHANGED THE FILING SYSTEM?
I CAN'T FIND ANYTHING.
NASH, I CHANGED
THE FILING SYSTEM.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
ANYTHING ELSE OF JERRY'S
YOU PLAN ON CHANGING,
MAYBE YOU WANNA LET ME KNOW
IN ADVANCE.
SORT OF THROWS ME OFF.
WOW. YEAH, THE GREAT FILE DEBATE
OF 2013.
YEAH, I MEAN,
YOU GUYS ARE NOT GONNA START
THROWING PUNCHES, ARE YOU?
I WILL JUST...
I'M SORRY. WHO ARE YOU?
TRACI NASH, STEVE PECK.
GUNS AND GANGS.
OH.
WE'RE HANDING OVER
A COUPLE OF CASES.
I NEED YOU TO GO UPSTAIRS
AND GIVE HIY'EAHE RUNDOWN.
YOU'RE GAIL'S BROTHER.
UH, IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
NO, WE'VE MET BEFORE, ACTUALLY,
BUT I GUESS THIS IS THE PART
WHERE I SWALLOW MY PRIDE
AND SAY IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU
FOR THE SECOND TIME, RIGHT?
I'M STARTING TO SEE
THE FAMILY RESEMBLANCE.
(chuckles) OKAY.
WELL, NOW THAT WE'RE ALL
GETTING ALONG,
LET'S GET A LEG UP
ON THE DAY, SHALL WE?
(indistinct conversations)
(siren whoops)
ALL RIGHT, GET IT OUT.
COME ON.
I'M FINE.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
'CAUSE WE GOT A JOB TO DO.
WE'RE GONNA GO DO IT.
AND I DON'T NEED YOU
GOING OFF ON SOME MOE
'CAUSE CHRIS DIAZ LEFI'
WITHOUT SAYING GOOD-BYE.
UNLOCK THE DOOR.
WHEN YOU RIP OFF A BAND-AID,
DO YOU CALL ALL YOUR FRIENDS
AND HAVE EVERYBODY COME OVER
AND WATCH,
OR DO YOU JUST DO IT
AND GET IT OVER WITH?
OKAY, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
CHRIS IS GONE.
DOESN'T MA'I'I'ER.
WE HAVE A JOB TO DO,
SO LET'S DO IT.
(radio chatter, alarm chirps)
(door opens)
DOV IS AN IDIOT.
YOU KNOW,
I KINDA LIKE EPSTEIN.
HE'S GOT A NERVOUS ENERGY,
BUT HE SEEMS NICE.
IT'S NOT OFTEN YOU SEE A GUY
ROCKING THE BANGS.
HMM. YEAH, I LIKE DUDES
WITH BANGS, YOU KNOW?
IT ADDS A LITTLE MYSTERY.
OKAY, SO THEN
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
HE ACCUSED ME
OF BEING BIPOLAR.
SOMEONE AT 15
DROPPED THEIR MEDICATION.
HE JUST ASSUMED IT WAS MINE,
AND INSTEAD OF ASKING ME
ABOUT IT,
HE JUST BLEW ME OFF.
ARE YOU SURPRISED?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
MENTAL ILLNESS--
PRETTY BIG STIGMA.
THROW IN A JOB WITH GUNS,
FORGET ABOUT IT.
OH, I GET THAT.
OKAY? WHAT I DON'T GET
IS HOW DOV THOUGHT
I COULD KEEP IT A SECRET.
HOW DO YOU KEEP
SOMETHING LIKE THAT
FROM SOMEONE
YOU WANNA BE WITH?
ANYWAYS, I JUST--I DON'T--
I DON'T DIG LABELS, YOU KNOW?
I THINK EVERYONE
IS A LITTLE MESSED UP
IN THEIR OWN WAY, OKAY?
IT'S WHAT MAKES THE WORLD
SO INTERESTING.
BOYS ARE STUPID.
SO WEIRD THAT CHRIS
JUST DISAPPEARED LIKE THAT.
YEAH, I ALWAYS KINDA
LIKED DIAZ.
DIDN'T YOU TWO HAVE A HUGE FEUD
OVER GAIL LAST YEAR?
WHICH I WON, THUS I ALWAYS
KINDA LIKED DIAZ.
OH. WELL... CONGRATULATIONS.
WHAT A PRIZE.
OOH, SINGLE LIFE
GETTING YOU DOWN, MCNALLY?
(chuckles)
YOU SEEM A LITTLE TENSE.
OH, DO I?
MM-HMM.
WELL, I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW
THAT I HAVE NEVER BEEN BETTER.
REALLY, ACTUALLY. I'M, UM...
I'M HAPPY.
CALM, EVEN--MAN ON HOOD.
WHAT?
MAN ON HOOD!
(shouting indistinctly)
(tires peal)
UH, 15-05. WE'RE WESTBOUND
ON LAKES ROW, UH,
IN PURSUIT OF A CAB. IT APPEARS
TO HAVE STRUCK A_PEDESTRIAN.
(Siren walling)
(static crackles)
(siren whoops)
WHOA.
UHH!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
YOU'RE GARBAGE!
YOU ARE NOTHING BUT FILTH!
YOU HEAR ME?!
HEY! HEY!
STAY BACK.
YOU JUMPED ONTO THE CAR, MAN.
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
IT'S NOT MY FAULT.
IT WOULDN'T STOP.
THE BRAKES KEPT SEIZING UP.
HE'S A THIEF.
WAIT. SO THIAI'OCAB'S YOURS?
HE'S JUST SOME GAS JOCKEY WHO
SHOULD MIND HIS OWN BUSINESS.
OH, YOU SHUT YOUR FACE,
OR I'LL SHUT IT FOR YOU.
YEAH.
EVERYBODY, SHUT UP TILL
WE FIGURE OUT WHAT'S GOING ON.
(radio chatter)
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THAT KID COMES INTO MY STORE
EVERY WEEK
AND STEALS FROM ME.
I CALL YOU GUYS,
AND WHAT DO YOU DO? NOTHING.
TODAY I SEE HIM
IN THE FRONT SEAT OF A CAB,
AND I KNOW IT'S NOT HIS,
SO I TRY TO STOP HIM.
GO BACK TO COUNTING CHANGE,
BRO.
KEY WAS IN THE IGNITION.
DOOR WAS OPEN.
(scoffs)
I DIDN'T BREAK
INTO ANYTHING, OKAY?
THERE'S AN EASY WAY
TO SOLVE THIS.
YOUR GAS STATION
HAVE SECUYREIA-H CAMERAS?
SCREW YOU, MAN. I'M UNDERAGE.
THEY CAN'T DO SQUAT.
OH, YEAH. SCREW ME?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO. SCREW YOU.
OKAY, OKAY.
SCREW YOU.
OKAY! THANK YOU.
YOU'VE BOTH BEEN VERY HELPFUL.
OH, YOU'RE WELCOME.
COME WITH ME.
KID LIFTED IT
FROM THE PARKING LOT
OF AN I.V.A. GAS STATION,
TOOK IT FOR A JOYRIDE.
(Frank) OKAY,
SO KID TAKES IT FOR A RIDE.
ACCIDENTALLY HITS
A GOOD SAMARITAN.
YOU GOT THE KID.
WHY AM I LOOKING AT THIS?
THIS IS THE SAME TAPE,
EIGHT HOURS EARLIER.
(keyboard keys CIICK)
TRYING TO FIND THE REAL OWNER OF
THE CAB SO HE CAN EXPLAIN THIS.
FEMALE, OUT COLD,
LIGHT BROWN HAIR, IN HER 20$.
WE NEVER SEE MUCH OF THE GUY.
WELL, LET'S SEE IF THERE'S
ANY MISSING PERSONS REPORTS
ON FILE.
IF ANYTHING, UH, RINGS A BELL,
WE'LL MOVE ON.
YES, SIR.
MCNALLY, WHAT IS IT?
YOU HAVE A LOOK.
I JUST RAN THE CAB.
TRACED IT BACK TO IMPOUND.
IT WAS FORMERLY EVIDENCE.
WHAT CASE?
ROSS PERIK.
IT WAS REGISTERED TO ROSS PERIK
RIGHT BEFORE HE WAS ARRESTED
FOR THE MURDER
OF DETECTIVE BARBER.
THANKS FOR COMING.
OF COURSE.
WHERE ARE WE AT?
CAB'S IN FORENSICS.
GIRL'S NAME IS
GRACE ALISON FINN, 23.
FATHER REPORTED HER MISSING
THIS MORNING.
I.D.'d HER
OFF THE SECURITY FOOTAGE.
PULLED PECK FROM THE CASE.
NASH IS UP IN GUNS AND GANGS,
AND I INTEND
TO KEEP IT THAT WAY.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
WHAT ABOUT HIM?
YOU WANNA PULL HIM,
GO AHEAD, BUT...
YOU AND I BOTH KNOW
HE'S GONNA WORK IT ANYWAY.
RIGHT NOW WE DON'T KNOW
WHAT WE HAVE,
BUT WE KNOW THAT GRACE FINN
WAS ABDUCTED THIS MORNING
IN A CAB PREVIOUSLY REGISTERED
TO INMATE ROSS PERIK.
WE ALSO KNOW THAT PERIK IS
LOCKED AWAY IN MILLBURN PRISON.
TEN MONTHS AGO, HE ABDUCTED
ONE OF OUR OFFICERS
DURING
AN UNDERCOVER ASSIGNMENT
AND HELD HER CAPTIVE
IN HIS BASEMENT.
IN THE PROCESS...
IN THE PROCESS OF LOCATING HER,
JERRY BARBER,
A DETECTIVE FROM THIS DIVISION,
WAS KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY.
(officers murmuring)
OKAY, PERIK'S M.O. WAS
HE LIKED BLONDES, MID 20$.
PICKED THEM UP AS A CAB DRIVER.
HE DRUGGED THEM.
KEPT THEM ALIVE IN HIS BASEMENT
FOR 24 HOURS.
SO WE'RE DEALING
WITH A COPYCAT?
WE DON'T KNOW THAT.
GRACE FINN FITS HIS PROFILE,
BUT THE CAB
COULD BE A COINCIDENCE,
SO RIGHT NOW IT'S WIDE OPEN.
EITHER WAY,
IT'S STILL A MISSING GIRL.
WHAT ARE WE DOING ABOUT IT?
COLLINS, TAKE OVER FOR PECK.
TALK TO GRACE'S FATHER,
SEE WHAT YOU CAN GET.
I WANT ALL OTHER UNIFORMS
CANVASSING THE AREA
WHERE THE CAB WAS DROPPED.
AND FOR NOW, WE'RE GONNA KEEP
THE PERIK CONNECTION
TO OURSELVES UNTIL
WE'RE ABSOLUTELY SURE.
IF YOU FIND SOMETHING,
YOU COME DIRECTLY TO ME
OR DETECTIVE SWAREK.
GRACE FINN WAS ABDUCTED
AT 2:04 AM. THIS MORNING,
WHICH MEANS WE'RE DEALING
WITH A COPYCAT.
WE'VE GOT 12 HOURS.
LET'S GO FIND HER.
(indistinct conversations)
CALLAGHAN, DO YOU MIND
RUNNING THIS THING?
I'LL--I'LL GRAB MCNALLY
AND TAKE HER TO THE IMPOUND YARD
AND FIGURE OUT
WHO BOUGHT THE CAB.
YEAH.
OKAY. I'D JUST RATHER
BE OUT ON THE STREET.
YEAH, SURE.
THAN KS.
MCNALLY?
ALL RIGHT, SO YOU SAID
GRACE LEFT FOR A RUN
SOMETIME AFTER MIDNIGHT.
YOU SURE ABOUT THE TIME?
YEAH.
I MEAN, I THINK SO.
I WAS... I GOT HOME LATE.
SHE WAS HEADING OUT
AS I WAS COMING IN.
(sighs) DIDN'T EVEN
GET To TALK TO HER.
MIDNIGHT'S PRETTY LATE
FOR A JOG.
LOOK,
IF YOU'RE GOING TO TELL ME
THAT I SHOULD HAVE STOPPED HER,
SAVE YOUR BREATH,
'CAUSE I ALREADY KNOW--
THIS ISN'T YOUR FAULT.
WE JUST NEED TO TALK THROUGH
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENED,
ALL RIGHT?
I'VE ALREADY GONE OVER THIS
WITH OFFICER PECK.
DON'T YOU GUYS
TALK TO EACH OTHER?
OFFICER, TELL HIM, ALL RIGHT?
PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME
DO THIS AGAIN.
I'M SORRY. I'M NOT ON THE CASE
ANYMORE. I'VE BEEN REASSIGNED.
MY DAUGHTER'S CASE
ISN'T IMPORTANT ENOUGH?
LOOK, LAST YEAR
AN OFFICER FROM THIS DIVISION
WENT MISSING, AND...
WE BROUGHT HER HOME, 50--
SO WHAT?!
THAT'S SUPPOSED
TO MAKE ME FEEL BETTER?
THAT'S MY DAUGHTER
OUT THERE.
I GUESS TO YOU,
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
JUST ANOTHER FACE
ON YOUR WALL.
(Nick) SIR. SIR?
WAIT A MINUTE.
(Steve) OKAY.
I BELIEVE MY WORK HERE
IS DONE, DETECTIVE,
SO IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I'M GONNA HEAD BACK DOWNSTAIRS.
YOU OKAY?
UH, YEAH. THAT WAS FRANK.
HE SAID I COULD BORROW YOU
FOR THE FULL DAY, SO...
DO I HAVE A CHOICE?
NOT REALLY,
BUT ON THE POSITIVE,
I GOT ONE OF THOSE FACES--
YOU KNOW, IT GETS BETTER
THE LONGER YOU LOOK AT IT.
SO IT'S A WIN-WIN
FOR BOTH OF US.
OKAY.
(indistinct conversations,
telephone ringing)
(sighs)
MORT BARO, KYLE ZEE, IGGY WELLS.
MEET GARY ALVA.
OKAY, NOW THESE THREE
ARE IN POLICE CUSTODY
FOR GUN TRAFFICKING, BUT WE GOT
REASON TO BELIEVE THAT
GARY'S THE HEAD HONCHO.
LET ME GUESS.
NONE OF THEM WILL FLIP.
YEAH. WE HAVE
A COUPLE OF LEADS,
BUT NOTHING THAT STICKS.
SO I THOUGHT MAYBE
YOU CAN WALK THROUGH WITH ME
AND SHOW ME YOUR MOVES?
MY MOVES?
YEAH.
UNLESS YOU'RE TELLING ME
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY.
THIS IS GUNS AND GANGS,
SWEETHEART.
IT'S NOT THE DOWNSTAIRS RODEO
YOU'RE USED TO, HUH?
GIVE ME THE FILE.
EXCUSE ME, SIR.
I NEED YOU TO STEP BACK, OKAY?
UH, SURE.
STRAIGHT BACK TO
THE OTHER SIDEWALK, ALL RIGHT?
SORRY, I'M JUST TRYING TO KEEP
AN EYE ON MY DAUGHTER.
MYA, HONEY,
NOT SO CLOSE!
IT'S LIKE TALKING
TO A WALL.
_ YEAH.
(Siren whoops)
SO, UH, IS IT TRUE?
IS THERE ANOTHER GIRL MISSING?
UH...
YOU FROM THE NEIGHBORHOOD?
WE LIVE AROUND THE CORNER.
UH-HUH.
I'M PART
OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD WATCH.
SO IF THERE'S
SOMETHING GOING ON,
YOU KNOW,
WE NEED TO KNOW.
ALL RIGHT,
MR. NEIGHBORHOOD WATCH.
(cell phone buttons clicking)
THIS GIRL WENT MISSING
FROM THIS PARKING LOT,
2:00 AM. THIS MORNING.
YOU SEE ANYTHING?
I WAS IN BED BY 11:00.
OH. WELL... IT'S GOOD TO KNOW
YOU GOT IT COVERED.
HAVE A NICE DAY.
(car engine starts)
(man) YEAH, I'M LOOKING INTO IT
RIGHT NOW.
EPSTEIN...
(siren whoops)
YOU GOTTA GO EASY.
ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
LUNCH IS ON ME TODAY.
HOW DOES THAT SOUND?
OH, THANK YOU,
BUT I'M GOOD.
TELL YOU THE TRUTH,
I'M NOT EVEN THAT HUNGRY.
OKAY. GOOD.
I'M NOT HUNGRY EITHER.
IT'S GONNA TAKE A BIT
TO LOCATE THE RECORDS.
COMPUTER GUY
JUST WENT ON LUNCH,
BUT THEY'RE CALLING HIM.
LUNCH. GREAT.
DID YOU TELL HIM
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF AN INVESTIGATION?
WE GOT A MISSING GIRL
AND A CAB THAT TRACES BACK TO--
YES, I TOLD THEM.
IT'S JUST GONNA BE
A FEW MINUTES.
SAM...
WHAT?
(sighs) NOTHING.
NOTHING. I JUST--
OKAY, NO, NO, NO.
NOT TODAY, MCNALLY, OKAY?
OKAY.
I JUST THOUGHT MAYBE--
I CHOSE YOU SO WE WOULDN'T
HAVE TO TALK ABOUT IT.
WE WERE PARTNERED THAT DAY,
WHICH MEANS I DON'T HAVE
TO EXPLAIN ANYTHING, OKAY?
WE CLEAR?
CRYSTAL.
HEY, HEY.
DID YOU HAVE A GOOD LUNCH?
WE NEED TO KNOW
WHO BOUGHT THAT CAB.
WE NEED A NAME, PLEASE.
YEP. I GOT IT.
GOOD.
(cell phone beeps)
SWAREK AND MCNALLY
JUST GOT A LEAD
ON THE GUY
WHO BOUGHT THE CAB.
THEY'RE GONNA GO
PICK HIM UP NOW.
WELL, IT'S A START.
FORENSICS FOUND RESIDUE
IN THE CAB,
TRACE AMOUNTS OF KETAMINE
AND A.C.P.
(sighs)
WHAT?
LUKE?
PERIK USED KETAMINE AND A.C.P.
TO SEDATE HIS VICTIMS.
WE NEVER RELEASED THAT
TO THE PUBLIC.
THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO KNEW THAT
ARE THE POLICE AND PERIK.
ALL RIGHT, SO MAYBE OUR GUY'S
HAD CONTACT WITH HIM.
I'LL CALL MILLBURN, SEE IF
I CAN SCHEDULE A SIT-DOWN.
A SIT-DOWN WITH WHO?
PERIK.
LOOK, IF WE GOT A COPYCAT
OUT THERE RUNNING AROUND,
HE EITHER GOT HIS INFORMATION
FROM US OR FROM PERIK.
IF ANYBODY'S GOT A BETTER IDEA,
I'D LOVE TO HEAR IT.
(cell phone beeps)
MOSES KELLIE,
APARTMENT 307.
**
10 BUCKS THIS IS OUR GUY.
UNKNOWN DANGER?
WE HAD TO GO IN.
(holsters click)
(whimpers)
RIGHT.
(doorknob clicks)
**
(blues rock music
blaring loudly)
SAM?
(plastic crinkles)
**
OH.
(mouths words)
(static crackles)
UM... THIS IS McNALLY.
CAN I PLEASE GET
AN AMBULANCE
TO APARTMENT 3-0-7,
423 BELLEVUE?
(The British Columbians'
"Evil in the Pines" playing)
**
(banging in distance)
(banging continues)
**
MOSES KELLIE!
I'M GONNA TELL YOU ONE TIME,
DROP THE KNIFE!
(knife clatters)
PUT YOUR HANDS UP!
**
(foreign accent) I ALREADY
TOLD YOU, I'M A BUSINESS OWNER.
NOTHING MORE. I BOUGHT THE CAB
AND I SOLD IT.
END OF STORY.
BUSINESS OWNER?
MURDERABILIA.
KELLIE'S GOT A WEB SITE.
SELLS ARTICLES FROM
REAL LIFE MURDERS FOR PROFIT.
(scoffs) 100% LEGAL.
GOD BLESS THE CONSTITUTION.
THE GUY YOU SOLD IT TO--
DID HE COME AND PICK IT UP?
NO. I DROPPED IT OFF
AT A PARKING LOT
NEAR COLLEGE STREET--
THE ONE BESIDE THE LIBRARY.
(sighs)
I JUST DON'T REALLY LIKE
PEOPLE COMING DIRECTLY
TO MY HOME, YOU SEE?
YOU CAN'T BE TOO CAREFUL.
SO DID YOU GET A LOOK
AT HINSOFACE?
I LEFT THE CAB THERE,
AND THEN I LEFT.
LOOK, YOU DON'T REALLY
HAVE ANYTHING ON ME, DO YOU?
I MEAN, I GOT AN ALIBI
FOR LAST NIGHT, AND THIS CAB--
I DON'T HAVE IT ANYMORE.
MEANS I CAN GO.
OH, YOU CAN GO.
YOU JUST CAN'T GO HOME.
YOU KNOW YOUR DAD NEEDED
AN AMBULANCE
TO TAKE HIM
TO THE HOSPITAL.
IT TURNS OUT
HE WAS A LITTLE DEHYDRATED.
YEAH, WELL,
KARMA IS A BITCH, DETECTIVE.
HE'S A BIG BOY, MY OLD MAN.
HUH. OKAY. EXCEPT YOU'RE
HIS LEGAL GUARDIAN,
WHICH MEANS
YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE.
THAT PUTS YOU ON THE HOOK
FOR ABUSE, NEGLECT.
THAT'S A HEAW SENTENCE.
THIS MUST BE A JOKE.
JUST THINK OF ALL
THE CONTACTS YOU'LL MAKE
FOR YOUR BUSINESS.
YOU'RE RIGHT, MOSES.
KARMA IS A BITCH.
(door buzzes and beeps)
PLEASE TELL ME YOU GOT
SOMETHING ON KELLIE.
SOLID ALIBI. SOLD THE CAB
WITH AN ONLINE ACCOUNT
TO AN UNDISCLOSED BUYER.
HE'S GARBAGE, BUT NOT
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR.
WE SENT THE I.P.
OF THE ONLINE ACCOUNT
OFF TO TECH DESK.
IT'S ENCRYPTED,
BUT THEY'RE WORKING ON IT.
OKAY. SO WE KEEP GOING.
WHAT'S THIS?
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
GRACE FINN'S ROUTE LAST NIGHT.
THINK SHE WAS GRABBED
ALONG HERE.
THAT'S WHERE
THE CAB WAS DROPPED.
SO WE THINK
HE LIVES IN THIS AREA.
JUST WAITING TO HEAR BACK
FROM THE OFFICERS
WORKING THE STREETS.
CALLAGHAN.
JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH MILLBURN.
PERIK'S WILLING TO TALK.
WHAT? WHEN DID YOU GUYS
DECIDE TO TALK TO HIM?
LOOK, WITH THE DRUG RESIDUE
WE FOUND IN THE CAB,
IT GIVES ME REASON
TO BELIEVE
THAT PERIK'S HAD CONTACT
WITH OUR GUY.
I'M ON MY WAY.
DON'T BOTH ER.
WHY?
PERIK WILL ONLY AGREE TO
AN INTERVIEW ON ONE CONDITION.
HAS TO BE PECK.
OKAY, NOW WE KEEP THIS QUIET
FOR NOW UNTIL WE FIGURE OUT
HOW TO GET AROUND THE ISSUE.
I WANT PECK KEPT AWAY FROM IT,
UNDERSTOOD?
(Gail)
KEPT AWAY FROM WHAT?
I ASSIGNED YOU
TO OTHER DUTIES,
TOLD YOU TO STAY AWAY
FROM THIS.
DO YOU WANT ME TO GO IN?
BECAUSE I CAN DO IT.
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
THE GUY'S PLAYING WITH US.
YOU CAN HEAD BACK
TO YOUR DESK.
I'LL DO IT. I'LL GO IN.
YEAH. NO, THANKS.
WE NEED PERIK ALIVE. FRANK--
NO, LUKE. IAM NOT
SENDING HER IN THERE,
NOT AFTER WHAT HE DID
TO HER.
LOOK, THESE ARE
SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
WE WANNA HELP
AS MUCH AS WE CAN.
(door buzzes)
BUT I GOTTA TELL YOU,
PERIK'S BEEN A MODEL PRISONER.
SO GLAD TO HEAR IT.
HERE YOU GO.
THIS IS THE LAST FOUR MONTHS
OF VISITOR LOGS, VIDEO.
WE'VE RECORDED EVERY VISITATION
AND INTERVIEW.
WAIT. THIS IS ONLY FOUR MONTHS?
GUY LIKE THIS
DRAWS A CROWD.
HE'S HAD FOUR LAWYERS
SINCE HE GOT HERE,
EACH WITH A TEAM
OF ASSOCIATES.
THEN THERE'S THE PSYCHOLOGISTS,
PSYCHIATRISTS,
JOURNALISTS,
CRIMINOLOGY STUDENTS.
I'LL SEND OVER
THE EARLIER STUFF
AS SOON AS WE GET IT
OUT OF RECORDS.
THIS IS GONNA TAKE WEEKS.
IT CAN'T.
GET IT OVER TO 15.
HAND IT OVER TO SWAREK.
(door buzzes)
DETECTIVE CALLAGHAN.
WHERE'S GAIL?
SHE'S BUSY.
GRACE ALISON FINN.
ABDUCT ED EARLY
THIS MORNING.
OH.
OH, LET ME GUESS.
SHE WAS PICKED UP
IN MY OLD CAB,
AND SHE WAS DRUGGED
WITH KETAMINE AND A.C.P.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
DO YOU KNOW
WHO'S DOING THIS?
WELL, I KNOW I WAS LOCKED UP
TIGHT IN MY CELL LAST NIGHT,
SO IT WASN'T ME.
ROSS, PLEASE.
IF YOU KNOW WHO'S DOING THIS...
I-IF YOU WANT MY HELP,
THEN DO WHAT I ASKED.
SEND OFFICER PECK.
TELL HER TO WEAR
THAT LITTLE BLACK NUMBER.
SHE'LL KNOW THE ONE
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
CAN'T DO THAT, ROSS.
WHEN EXACTLY
DID THIS GIRL GO MISSING?
WHY?
I'M JUST WONDERING HOW MUCH TIME
YOU'LL HAVE LEFT TO FIND HER
AND HOW MUCH MORE
YOU PLAN ON WASTING.
ROSS--
PLEASE STOP CALLING ME
BY MY FIRST NAME.
IT'S FACILE.
YOU CAN DO BETTER.
GUARD, I'D LIKE TO GO BACK TO
MY CELL NOW IF YOU DON'T MIND.
(yawning) I'M SLEEPY.
(door clanks)
SO ONE OF GARY'S SUBSIDIES
IS A J.D.'s
CASH MARKET AND LOAN.
YEAH.
HE'S PROBABLY USING IT
TO LAUNDER MONEY.
THAT'S WHY YOUR GUYS
WON'T TALK.
THEY'RE BEING PAID OFF...
OR THEIR FAMILIES ARE.
SO... WE PUT A TEAM
ON CASH MARKET,
WE PULL IN
WHOEVER SHOWS UP TO COLLECT,
AND WE--
WE FLIP 'EM THAT WAY.
I LIKE IT.
IT'S IMPRESSIVE.
OH.
WELL, ONE THING
I HAVEN'T FIGURED OUT STILL...
HMM? WHAT'S THAT?
(telephone rings in distance)
WHY I'M SOLVING SOMETHING I'M
PRETTY SURE YOU ALREADY KNOW.
ANYONE WHO LOOKED
IN THIS FILE
COULD HAVE FIGURED THIS OUT,
DETECTIVE.
(sighs)
THERE'S A GIRL MISSING,
AND THEY THINK THEY MAY BE
LOOKING FOR A COPYCAT.
CO PYCAT?
COPYCAT OF WHO?
ROSS PERIK.
TRACI...
LOOK, TRACI,
IF YOU GO DOWN THERE,
PEOPLE'S CONCERN FOR YOU
IS GONNA DISTRACT THEM
FROM STAYING ON TASK.
OKAY,
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
(telephone ringing in distance)
(indistinct conversations)
THAT COP...
THE ONE THAT YOU SAID
WAS ABDUCT ED LAST YEAR...
THAT WAS YOU, WASN'T IT?
I HEARD SOME
OF THE GUYS TALKING.
I WISH YOU'D TOLD ME THAT.
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO SAY?
I WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN SO...
ROUGH ON YOU BACK THERE.
OR MAYBE I WOULD HAVE.
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST...
GRACIE'S ALL I'VE GOT.
IT'S THE ONLY THING IN THE WORLD
THAT MATTERS TO ME.
THE ONLY THING.
AND I'M GONNA PUT MY FAITH
IN WHAT YOU SAID.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THEY FOUND YOU.
THEY CAN FIND HER, TOO,
RIGHT?
ANYWAY... I'M SORRY.
(Luke speaking indistinctly)
PECK.
YOU NEED SOMETHING?
I WANNA GO IN.
OKAY, BUT, GAIL--
CAN YOU GUYS STOP
PROTECTING ME?
THERE'S A GIRL MISSING,
AND I'M A POLICE OFFICER.
SO PLEASE, JUST FOR GOD SAKES,
JUST LET ME DO MY JOB.
SHE'LL BE COMPLETELY SAFE.
HE'LL BE SECURED
AND CHAINED TO THE TABLE,
AND THERE'S A CAMERA
IN THE CEILING
THAT'S RECORDING EVERYTHING.
LOOK, GAIL, IF WE DO THIS,
I'LL BE RIGHT
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE GLASS.
STOP SAYING "IF" AND JUST
TELL ME WHAT I NEED TO DO.
(Luke) MAINTAIN EQUAL FOOTING
WITH HIM.
HE'S NOT ABOVE YOU.
MAKE SURE HE FEELS THAT.
HE'S GONNA TRY AND DISTRACT YOU
FROM WHY YOU'RE THERE.
KEEP HIM ON TARGET.
BUILD A RAPPORT.
PERSONAL EXPERIENCE IS
HE'S GONNA ASK YOU QUESTIONS.
ONLY GIVE HIM WHAT YOU FEEL
COMFORTABLE GIVING.
THERE'S A PART
IN EVERYONE'S PSYCHE,
A WEAKNESS TO BE FOUND.
ALL ELSE FAILS, BE QUIET.
LET HIM TALK.
SOMETIMES ALL IT TAKES
IS A LITTLE SILENCE.
YOU READY?
YES.
ANY QUESTIONS?
OKAY.
(door buzzes)
(door closes)
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU,
GAIL.
PLEASE, SIT DOWN.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME?
I'M RIGHT HERE.
YOU KNOW WHY I'M HERE,
DR. PERIK.
OH, THAT'S A BIT FORMAL.
CALL ME "ROSS."
OKAY.
I'LL CALL YOU "ROSS."
I MEAN, I GUESS IT'S TRUE.
YOU LOST
YOUR MEDICAL LICENSE,
SO YOU'RE NOT REALLY
A DOCTOR ANYMORE.
GRACE ALISON FINN,
YES, I KNOW.
SHE'S VERY ATTRACTIVE.
SHE WAS ABDUCT ED
WITH MY OLD CAB.
WOULD YOU MIND
TURNING AROUND?
NO, IT'S JUST--I-I...
YOU'RE TALLER
THAN I REMEMBER.
WELL, I GUESS IT'S HARD
TO GAUGE A PERSON'S HEIGHT
WHEN THEY'RE TIED
TO A TABLE.
(chuckles)
YOU'RE ADORABLE.
LOOK,
WE HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE
THAT THE MAN
WHO ABDUCTED GRACE
SPOKE WITH YOU.
WELL, I DO GET
A LOT OF VISITORS.
UH, THE THING IS,
I CAN'T BE HELD RESPONSIBLE
FOR WHAT THEY DO
IN THEIR OWN TIME.
I'M NOT ASKING YOU
TO BE RESPONSIBLE.
I'M ASKING YOU TO HELP ME.
ARE YOU A FAN OF JUNG?
EXCUSE ME?
CARL JUNG.
IT'S THE ONE UPSIDE
OF BEING IN HERE.
IT'S LOTS OF TIME
TO CATCH UP ON MY READING.
GRACE ALISON FINN.
SHE IS 23 YEARS OLD.
SHE WENT MISSING
FROM AN I.V.A. GAS STATION
AT 2:04 THIS MORNING.
BRILLIANT THINKER--JUNG.
HIS PRIMARY THEORY--
WE ALL HAVE A SHADOW SELF.
IT'S A PART OF US
THAT'S SO UGLY,
THAT WE TRY TO KEEP IT
HIDDEN AWAY FROM THE WORLD.
PROBLEM IS,
THE MORE WE IGNORE IT,
THE UNHAPPIER IT BECOMES.
I'M SO SORRY TO HEAR
THAT YOU'RE UNHAPPY, ROSS.
(scoffs) I'M SAYING THAT GUILT
IS THE BIGGEST SHADOW OF ALL.
WE WEAR IT ON OUR FACE.
IT AGES US.
YOU SHOULD BE CAREFUL.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU KNOW WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
NO, I'M NOT HERE
TO PLAY GAMES.
ME NEITHER.
I'M HERE TO TELL YOU
A SECRET,
SOON AS YOU TELL ME YOURS.
THE STEPS OUTSIDE
THE FUNERAL HOME--
YOU WERE COMING IN
WHEN I, UH--
WHEN I TRIPPED,
AND YOU HELPED ME UP.
YEAH.
I FORGOT.
I CAN'T IMAGINE HOW HARD
THIS HAS BEEN FOR YOU.
YOU KNOW,
I HAVE THIS DREAM SOMETIMES
WHERE MY PHONE RINGS
AND H ANSWER IT,
AND ON THE OTHER LINE
IS JERRY,
AND, UH, HE ASKS ME
TO MEET HIM
AT THIS PLACE WHERE WE USED
TO HAVE BREAKFAST.
AND I GO THERE, AND, UH,
I CAN SEE HIM IN THE WINDOW.
AND... BEFORE I CAN OPEN
THE DOOR, THOUGH,
I WAKE UP.
AND FOR A SECOND, I FORGET.
THAT'S OKAY.
THAT'S NORMAL.
IT TAKES TIME.
DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG
IT TAKES A LITTLE BOY
TO STOP ASKING WHERE PEOPLE GO
AFTER THEY DIE?
'CAUSE I DO.
OR I GUESS I DON'T,
BECAUSE LEO'S STILL ASKING.
(voice breaking)
I MEAN, I'M TRYING.
I'M TRYING SO HARD
JUST TO KEEP GOING...
(sniffles)
BUT SOMETIMES...
SOMETIMES ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT
IS HOW MUCH I MISS HIM.
(knocks)
(dog barking in distance,
police radio chatter)
HUH? HI, MA'AM.
I'M OFFICER SHAW.
THIS IS OFFICER EPSTEIN.
YOU'RE HERE
ABOUT THE MISSING GIRL?
UH-HUH.
I WAS AT THE GAS STATION
EARLIER.
I WAS OUT FOR A WALK
WITH MY DAUGHTER,
AND WE NOTICED
THE POLICE CARS.
YEAH, WE, UH, SPOKE WITH YOUR
HUSBAND BRIEFLY THIS MORNING.
MY HUSBAND'S IN NEW YORK
THIS WEEK.
KAREN AND I ARE GOING
TO VISIT HIM THIS WEEKEND.
I-I'M SORRY. YOUR DAUGHTER'S
NAME IS KAREN, NOT... MYA?
YES.
EXCUSE US ONE SECOND.
IT'S NOT HIS DAUGHTER.
GUY SNOWED US RIGHT THERE.
WE LET HIM GO.
NEIGHBORHOOD WATCH,
MY ASS.
BUT WHY?
DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
WHY WOULD HE COME
TO THE CRIME SCENE?
WHY TALK TO COPS?
FIGURE OUT WHAT WE KNEW.
HE WAS RIGHT IN FRONT OF US,
AND WE LET HIM GO.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
(telephone ringing)
THIS IS A NEEDLE
IN A HAYSTACK.
I MEAN, IT COULD BE
ANY ONE OF THESE PEOPLE.
MCNALLY, I'M, UH, JUST
TRYING TO DO MY JOB.
WHY DON'T YOU GIVE THAT
A TRY?
I AM DOING MY JOB.
YOU DON'T WANNA TALK? FINE.
WE DON'T HAVE TO.
STOP TREATING ME LIKE
YOUR PERSONAL PUNCHING BAG.
(cell phone rings)
PLEASE.
(presses key)
(ï¬ng)
(ring, beep)
OLIVER, HEY.
YOU GET A NAME? OKAY, UH,
GIVE ME A DESCRIPTION.
WE'LL GO THROUGH THE TAPES.
SEE IF WE CAN FIND ANYONE
THAT MATCHES, YEAH?
(Perik) YOU'RE STALLING.
(Gail) WHAT DOES IT MATTER?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I ALREADY CLEARED IT WITH FRANK.
I JUST WANNA BE HERE
WHEN SHE GETS OUT.
FINE. YOU WANT A SECRET?
OKAY.
WHEN I WAS A TEENAGER,
I USED TO SHOPLIFT--
MAKEUP...
SOMETIMES EVEN CLOTH ES.
OH, AND I'M THE ONE
IN JAIL?
WELL, I NEVER DISCLOSED IT
ON MY POLICE APPLICATION.
I...
I LIED.
COME ON. YOU CAN DO
BETTER THAN THAT.
I WANT SOMETHING REAL,
SOMETHING YOU'RE ASHAMED OF.
YOU KNOW, I DO WONDER HOW
GRACE FINN IS DOING RIGHT NOW.
I KILLED A CAT. OKAY?
ARE YOU HAPPY, ROSS?
I WAS 9 YEARS OLD, AND WE HAD
JUST GOTTEN A NEW KITTEN.
AND MY BROTHER
WAS CHASING ME,
SO... I RAN INTO MY BEDROOM
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT HIM
TO TAKE IT AWAY FROM ME.
PUT IT IN A DRAWER,
BUT HE PICKED THE LOCK.
AND HE GOT INTO THE ROOM...
AND I SLAMMED...
THE DRAWER SHUT.
SO HE WOULDN'T SEE.
BUT THE CAT--
LAST MOMENT HAD...
SORT OF POPPED
ITS HEAD UP...
AND I DIDN'T SEE IT
IN TIME.
YOU SNAPPED ITS NECK?
I TOLD MY PARENTS
THAT IT RAN AWAY.
AND I'VE BEEN TERRIFIED
OF CATS EVER SINCE.
OKAY? SO I TOLD YOU
A SECRET, ROSS,
AND NOW IT'S YOUR TURN
TO TELL ME SOMETHING.
WELL...
THERE MIGHT BE SOMEONE.
BUT I HAVEN'T SEE HIM
IN A WHILE.
THE GUY'S CURIOUS...
A READER.
HE'S A REAL DETAIL PERSON.
BUT HE'D HAVE TO BE
TO DO WHAT HE DOES.
WHAT DOES HE DO?
WELL, WE'LL GET TO THAT.
THANK YOU AGAIN FOR COMING,
GAIL.
I'M REALLY STARTING
TO ENJOY MYSELF.
SO OLIVER AND EPSTEIN
THINK HE'S OUR GUY.
THEY'RE NOT SURE,
BUT HE LIED,
AND HE WAS AT THE CRIME SCENE,
FISHING FOR INFORMATION.
LOOK, THEY GAVE US
A DESCRIPTION,
BUT SO FAR WE HAVEN'T SEEN
ANYBODY THAT MATCHES.
YEAH, PERIK MENTIONED
SOMEONE.
SAID HE HADN'T SEEN HIM
IN A WHILE.
LOOK FURTHER BACK.
SO... WE'LL START
FROM WHEN PERIK FIRST WENT IN
AND WORK OUR WAY
TO THE PRESENT.
LUKE, IT'S GONNA TAKE
A WHILE.
VIKTOR E. FRANKL.
"MAN'S SEARCH FOR MEANING."
YOU EVER READ IT?
IS THAT WHERE
THE ANSWER IS?
AM I GONNA FIND IT
IN A BOOK?
THE ANSWER'S
ALWAYS IN A BOOK.
FRANKL WROTE IT ABOUT
HIS EXPERIENCES IN CAPTIVITY.
HE BELIEVED THAT IN PERIODS
OF EXTREME DISTRESS,
LOVE KEEPS US GOING.
YOU MUST KNOW SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT.
LOOK, HE'S NOT
GIVING HER ANYTHING.
HE'S JUST GETTING OFF
ON THE ATTENTION.
SOON AS ANDY AND SWAREK
HAVE A SOLID LEAD,
I'LL PULL HER OUT.
THE DAY YOU GOT AWAY FROM ME,
WHO WAS ON THE OTHER SIDE
WHEN YOU MADE YOUR GREAT ESCAPE?
MY BCgTEIERIEND.
THERE'S THAT GUILT AGAIN.
TELL ME ABOUT HIM.
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
NICK.
THERE'S NOTHING TO TELL.
YOU'RE LYING.
I'M NOT LYING.
PLEASE.
IT'S IN
THE BACK OF YOUR EYES,
THE SHAPE OF YOUR MOUTH.
YOUR SHADOW SELF,
CLAWING TO THE SURFACE,
BEGGING TO BREATHE.
STOP WORRYING
ABOUT THE CAMERAS, GAIL.
YOU'RE HERE FOR GRACE.
WORRY ABOUT GRACE.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
BECAUSE OF YOU,
I HAVE NOTHING--
FOUR WALLS AND A STACK OF BOOKS.
YOU WANT MY HELP?
GIVE ME SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT
WHILE I'M ROTTING AWAY IN HERE,
WAITING FOR MY APPEAL.
I SLEPT WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
(exhales) YOU CHEATED.
I DID, YEAH.
I SLEPT WITH SOMEONE ELSE
TO MAKE MYSELF FEEL BETTER
BECAUSE I WAS JEALOUS.
AND I LIED ABOUT IT
TO HIM.
I LIED ABOUT IT
TO MY FRIENDS,
AND I LIED ABOUT IT
TO MYSELF.
YOU WERE JEALOUS.
WAS THERE ANOTHER WOMAN?
WERE YOU REPLACED?
OH, POOR GAIL.
MUST BE TOUGH
BEING SECOND CHOICE.
ARE YOU GONNA ANSWER ME?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING, GAIL?
WH-WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
GAIL? OFFICER PECK--
NO, YOU ARE NOT GONNA TELL ME
WHERE GRACE FINN IS
BECAUSE THIS IS NOT
YOUR CRIME.
YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO CONFESS TO ME.
YOU'RE JUST A GUY
CHAINED TO A TABLE.
I GUESS WE'VE BOTH
BEEN REPLACED.
YOU WEREN'T--
YOU WEREN'T LISTENING.
'CAUSE I ALREADY TOLD YOU.
THE ANSWER'S
ALWAYS IN A BOOK.
HE'S THE ONE
WITH ALL THE ANSWERS
BECAUSE HE'S THE ONE
WITH ALL THE BOOKS.
I NEED A NAME.
HE ALWAYS CALLED ME "DR. PERIK."
I-I NEVER...
BOTHERED TO ASK HIS NAME.
OKAY, PERIK'S HAD ACCESS
TO BOOKS.
WHO RUNS
THE MILLBURN LIBRARY?
IT'S AN INMATE--
ADAM SAWYER.
HE WAS JUST PAROLED
MAYBE TWO WEEKS AGO.
GIVE ME AN ADDRESS,
ANYTHING ELSE YOU GOT.
PECK, GET OUTTA THERE.
(door buzzing)
I'M NOT DONE YET.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
YOU CAN'T LEAVE NOW.
GAIL! YOU CAN'T LEAVE NOW.
(Perik) GAIL!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I WAS WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
NICK?
LOOK, WE GOT A NAME.
GOOD WORK.
I'LL GET YOU BACK.
(Alert the Medic's
"The Weatherman (Pt. 2)" plays)
(indistinct conversations,
police radio chatter)
* THE WEATHERMAN SAYS
* LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
GONNA HAVE RAIN TODAY *
* THE WEATHERMAN'S
ALWAYS RIGHT *
(police radio chatter)
* THE WEATHERMAN SAYS
* LOOKS LIKE THE STORM
WILL TAKE AIM TODAY *
* BETTER WE STAND ASIDE
WE FOUND HER TODAY
BECAUSE OF YOU.
JUST SO YOU KNOW,
THE INTERVIEW WILL BE PART
OF THE OFFICIAL RECORD,
SUBMITTED INTO THE COURT
WHEN THE CASE GOES TO TRIAL,
BUT OTHER THAN THAT,
WE'LL TRY
AND KEEP IT PRIVATE.
YOU DID AN AMAZING
AND BRAVE THING TODAY.
THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
* UNITED WE STAND,
DIVIDED WE ARE *
* ENEMIES ALWAYS FIGHT
* AND IT'S A LONG WAY DOWN
MR. FINN?
* THE WEATHERMAN SAYS
WE FOUND GRACE.
(gasps)
AN AMBULANCE
IS TRANSPORTING HER...
AMBULANCE?
TO VICTORIA MERCY.
LOOK, WE'VE ARRANGED A SQUAD
TO TAKE YOU THERE TO MEET HER.
SHE'S SAFE NOW.
WE--WE FOUND HER.
(gasps)
OH, THANK GOD.
THANK YOU.
* WELL, IT'S A LONG WAY
YOU'RE WELCOME.
* DOWN
COME ON.
LET'S GET YOU TO HER.
(gasps)
(telephone rings)
THEY FOUND THE GIRL.
ALIVE. YOU KNOW, SHE'S OKAY.
SHE'S FINE.
I JUST WANTED
TO MAKE SURE YOU KNEW.
YEAH, I HEARD.
BUT THANK YOU
FOR TELLING ME.
YEAH.
AND, UM...
LISTEN, ABOUT EARLIER...
I'M SORRY. I DON'T KNOW
WHERE THAT CAME FROM.
AH, HEY, NO.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
NO. IT'S--IT'S BEEN
A TOUGH DAY.
WHICH IS WHY I THOUGHT MAYBE
YOU MIGHT WANNA HAVE A DRINK?
I DON'T KNOW. I'M JUST NOT
REALLY MUCH IN THE MOOD
FOR GOING OUT TONIGHT.
WHO SAID ANYTHING
ABOUT GOING OUT?
OH.
(clatter)
AND... BLOOP?
OH.
(chuckles)
YEAH?
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
(unscrews cap)
(exhales)
WELL, THAT'S EMBARRASSING.
(clatter)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT?
THERE USED TO BE...
UNLESS SWAREK MOVED IT--
NO, HE DIDN'T.
(exhales) YES.
NICE.
(indistinct conversations)
HEY.
I'M SORRY I WAS HARD ON YOU
THIS AFTERNOON.
I JUST--I-I NEEDED YOU
TO BACK ME UP.
THAT'S WHY
I WANTED TO RIDE TOGETHER.
I THOUGHT YOU SHOULD KNOW.
OKAY.
HOW YOU BEEN, MCNALLY?
GOOD.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
WHO KNOWS?
STABLE.
IF YOU CAN BELIEVE THAT.
WELL, I'M GLAD.
AS YOUR FRIEND, YOU KNOW.
'CAUSE I REALLY--I REALLY
DO WANNA BE YOUR FRIEND.
I THOUGHT
WE ALREADY WERE FRIENDS.
HEY, MCNALLY.
HEY.
HEY. YOU READY?
YEAH.
JUST NEED A SECOND.
OKEYDOKEY.
BE OUTSIDE. OKAY?
NIGHT, MCNALLY.
NIGHT.
(Jon Bryant's
"David Livingstone" playing)
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
* YOU BE A MYSTERY
* AND I'LL UNCOVER THE TRUTH
(horn honks in distance)
(man speaks indistinctly)
(thunderclap)
* YOU BE THE CHORUS
AND I'LL BE... *
EPSTEIN. JUST THE MAN
I WAS LOOKING FOR.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE HIT THE PENNY TONIGHT?
DRINKS ARE ON ME,
AND I AM TALKING--
I'M TALKING TWO,
MAYBE EVEN THREE
IF YOU PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT.
YEAH, I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TRYING TO DO,
AND I APPRECIATE IT,
BUT... YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SAW THIS COMING.
I KNEW HE WAS GONNA LEAVE.
ALL RIGHT.
I LEFT ZOE LAST NIGHT.
I FILED FOR DIVORCE
THIS MORNING.
IT'S, UH... I'M FINE.
FINE. IT IS WHAT IT IS.
IT WAS IN EVITABLE.
ZOE'S IN LOVE
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
THERE'S_NOTHING I CAN DO...
(inhales deeply)
EXCEPT YOU MOVE ON, I GUESS.
THAT'S WHAT THE BOOKS SAY.
WE MOVE ON.
RIP OFF THE BAND-AID, RIGHT?
ARE YOU OKAY?
I KNOW YOU MISS YOUR FRIEND.
I JUST, YOU KNOW,
I THINK I COULD USE ONE
TODAY.
OH, DON'T MAKE THIS ANY WEIRDER
THAN IT IS, ALL RIGHT?
DON'T MAKE ME FEEL WEIRD,
EPSTEIN.
WE'VE DONE THIS BEFORE,
YOU KNOW?
TALK ABOUT OUR FEELINGS.
WE'RE GROWN-UPS.
WE GET TRASHED,
TALK ABOUT OUR FEELINGS.
NO, NO, IT'S...
IT'S NOT THAT.
YOU KNOW, I WAS JUST THINKING
ABOUT WHAT WE WERE GONNA DRINK.
FUZZY NAVEL.
OH, THAT'S LAME.
SEX ON THE BEACH.
FOR YOUR SORORITY SISTERS?
(chuckles)
18-YEAR-OLD SINGLE MALT.
YEAH. GOOD.
I'M GONNA FIND
ANOTHER FRIEND.
(both chuckle)
(sighs)
YOU WILL FINISH THAT
AT THE BAR.
WE'LL DO OUR HOMEWORK
(thunder rumbling)
* YOU BE JOHN LENNON
* AND I'LL BE THE WORLD
THAT HE SEES *
(thunderclap)
* SWEET MIDSUMMER NIGHTS
* WITH YOU
ARE WE GONNA TALK
ABOUT THIS?
(rainfall)
YOU KNOW, I REMEMBER
THE FIRST TIME I MET YOU.
YOU WERE A LOUSY WAITRESS,
AND YOU STILL HAD THE NERVE
TO YELL AT US
FOR GIVING YOU A BAD TIP.
OKAY.
YOU WERE SO COLD.
IT DROVE ME CRAZY,
AND I THOUGHT TO MYSELF,
THAT GIRL'S GONNA
BREAK YOUR HEART.
AND HERE WE ARE.
* I'LL BRING YOU IN
FROM THE COLD *
SO IS THIS HOW
YOU WAN NA DO IT?
* YOU BE THE AMBULANCE
YOU DIDN'T COME HOME.
* BACK DOWN THAT OLD...
AND BLACKSTONE SAID THAT
HE GAVE YOU TIME OFF,
AND...
YOU COULD'VE COME HOME.
INSTEAD YOU WENT ON HOLIDAY
WITH ANDY.
NOTHING HAPPENED WITH US.
IT WAS ONE WEEKEND.
WHAT DID YOU WANT ME TO DO,
COME HOME, UPROOT YOUR LIFE,
AND THEN DISAPPEAR AGAIN?
YES.
SO THAT GIVES YOU LICENSE
TO SLEEP WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
GAIL, I DIDN'T COME HOME.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I DON'T WANNA BE WITH YOU.
(thunderclap)
NO, IT JUST MEANS YOU WANTED
TO BE WITH HER MORE.
YOU WERE JUST
GONNA KEEP LYING TO ME
AND TO YOURSELF.
IT WAS A CRUSH.
I THOUGHT IT'D GO AWAY.
* YOU BE NEW LAND
HOW LONG WERE YOU
GONNA WAIT?
* YOUR ARMS
I GUESS WE'LL NEVER KNOW.
GOOD NIGHT, GAIL.
* IN THE EARLY WINTER BLUE
* YOU BE MY LADY
AND I'LL BE YOUR MAN *
* THROUGH AND THROUGH
* YOU BE MY LADY
* AND I'LL BE YOUR MAN
THROUGH AND THROUGH *